to me I started with Qatar Airways as a
cadet pilot and they did my my training
and the dream became a reality in an
everyday job I'm at the moment the
senior first officer and I fly the
Boeing triple7
my pilot friend rank is the first
officer in Qatar Airways he joined about
two and a half years ago I was moving
ahead and up through my career we did
meet we started going through the books
together we studied together we did our
training together the opportunities in
Qatar Airways are endless we've
introduced the fast track which is
basically a first officer that has a lot
of hours and then he's automatically
considered for a command upgrade I came
straight out of school knowing I wanted
to be a pilot
I started off as a second officer in the
cadet program the training was the best
experience of my life and now after long
2 years I'm now first officer at the
moment we have a full integrated
training facility in Qatar Airways we
have our simulator sessions and
everything with the classrooms in it
everything is fully set for us and the
last week up in to Jakarta Yangon and
Milan yeah it's definitely opened up the
world to me financially it's great I'm
extremely happy and I have a five-year
bond which gives me a job security we
have a lot of benefits you have travel
fees pay for and housing I have two
daughters and the older one Liliana
she's involved in piano and as well as
basketball and there's Selene she she's
playing the drums and gymnastics I would
say about 80 to 90% of the activities
that my kids have I have attended
Caffe always always tries to balance the
pilus rosters you might you may not get
the weekends off but you'll get two days
off where you can still go out and have
fun or even go travel back home using an
ID 90 ticket experience working broker
there is simply in one word it's been
amazing from day one all the way till
today it's a great opportunity to have
catharsis my first airline it's one of
the best airlines at the moment and I
think it will be for a long time
you